I am writing this review as an attempt to write the wrong caused by small minded men/people.
I loved Ruby Rose in Orange is the New Black. She was fun and funny in that show where she played a lesbian. The show did not suffer because she was out. I resent the implication that Batwoman is being panned by misogynists but I am sure there is a lot of truth to it. Panning the show because the lead has a gender preference, as do we all, is childish. Most unfortunately, it doesn't change the fact that misogynists are alive and well or the fact that this show has a lot of flaws.
It eclipsed Gotham. Instead of adding to the Bat-Universe as they did with other shows in the DC universe, the powers that be opted to -- just shut down the Gotham series that comic book fans have waited a lifetime to see. The producers or directors gave the proverbial finger to Gotham fans. In my opinion this is where the real resentment lies. Not in misogyny. Instead of being about the real and very interesting character Barbara Kane, instead the series has an unhealthy focus on gender that mires it down in politics. Batwoman is not the first LGBTQ hero on network TV. That title goes to Caity Lotz from DC Legends of Tomorrow. A show, which, mysteriously, did not get panned because the lead played a lesbian character.
The back story on this incarnation of Batwoman is weak because it wasn't written into the script. And it stands out because Gotham was an entire series of backstory.
Gotham had a whole cast of ridiculously strong female characters with interesting story lines that emphasized the oppression of women in modern society. In fact, so many of Gotham's female characters are developed so well that the poor development of Batwoman's character sticks out like a sore thumb. Somehow the same rage and indignance expressed by female characters in Gotham comes off as cartoon like and amateurish in Batwoman.
The acting or script struggles to make the characters real and viable. In the script Alfred just hands over all of Batmans toys and Batwoman show an inexplicable aptitude for using them and for martial arts as well.
I could go on but I won't. The real impetus for me to write this review was my disgust at people who want to blame this series failure on Ruby Rose or her detractors. Actors get critiqued by everyone and in that sense she is fair game. But Ruby has long ago paid her dues as an actor and human being. Whatever is going wrong with Batwoman is a team effort.
And, if you ignore the detractors, the show still has a very very weak foundation and makes no effort to garner or curry favor with, comic book fans.
Anyway, apologies to Ruby Rose! Batwoman writers, do your job and make the show more likeable-- for everyone.